Add UICov config clarifications (#6050)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/ui-coverage/configuration/overview.mdx

}
```

> Note that the root-level properties `elementFilters` and `viewFilters` apply to both UI Coverage and Accessibility. These properties can also be nested under `uiCoverage` or `accessibility` to apply to only that feature, with nested configuration taking precedence over root-level configuration. The `views` property also applies to both features but cannot be nested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the root-level properties `elementFilters` and `viewFilters` apply to both UI Coverage and Accessibility. These properties can also be nested under `uiCoverage` or `accessibility` to apply to only that product, with nested configuration taking precedence over root-level configuration. The `views` property also applies to both products but cannot be nested.
```
